
Hey all,

The basic site is in place.

Now that I have put the basic process, site structure and initial/sample content in place, Luke and I are convening tomorrow so that we can establish our next steps forward as I pass the baton to him to start adding content.
There is a learning curve for Luke and I will support him as he takes it all on.
Once understood it is not complex, but there are several aspects to be learned.

I should remind you all that the site I have offered is necessarily to be simple to use for both editors and site visitors.
The process that I have established uses Markdown to allow quick and simple addition of new posts/content without needing website HTML/CSS skills.
It also provides anonymity and security, and is free to use.
Additionally, I do not have the time to put into any extensive styling, I am afraid.
Apart from the above factors, I would imagine that your website visitors will not be concerned with how pretty the site is but with clear simple access to the info they are looking for.
I trust this makes sense?

Thanks David for the additional files etc above.
I had already converted the leaflet contents you sent yesterday into the ABOUT page of the now-live site.
I did this using Markdown (and Hugo - static website builder programme - to convert/build, which is the way Luke will be doing this).
I had a go at using the HTML you supplied there but it did not work satisfactorily.
And, as above, doing it that way (ie using HTML rather than Markdown) does not fit well with the overall process.

You can preview the live website (as far as it is done) here;
https://beinformed.life

It is, as you can see, a basic structure with starter content in place, ready for addition of your further ongoing content.
My suggestion is that for each new piece of content, text, image, infographic, video, etc, you/Luke create a single blog post with an appropriate title.
The BLOG page will then list all content.

Please have a look over and get back to me with your thoughts.
Can I please request that you discuss between yourselves and put a feedback-list together in a text document, as this is easier for me to deal with and respond to.
I can make straightforward changes to page header text etc. and will try to accommodate any requests you have that stays within the above mentioned process. 

I would caution against giving out the website address publicly until we have a properly presented site in place.

Love n Peace n Freedom
